about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

It's difficult to explain what this website is about sometimes. The best description I've come up with lives down in the footer. So for the [About](/about) page I'll be talking about myself instead.

I'm an independent contractor based in Costa Rica currently working as a solutions architect & full stack developer. I graduated from [UCR](https://www.ucr.ac.cr/) as a B.A.Sc. in Computer Science (2014) and from [UPC BarcelonaTech](https://www.upc.edu/en) with a Masters in Informatics Engineering (2016).

As for experience I've been recently focused on backend & full-stack web development. I've also led the development of iOS native projects, starting from (re) design stage all the way to release and support post launch. I lived to tell the story after upgrading a few of the early Swift major versions.

Throughout my career I've had experience working with the following technologies:

 * Ruby on Rails
    * Currently very interested in [StimulusJS](https://stimulusjs.org/) for minimal frontend Javascript
    * Experience with API only backends
 * (Ruby) Gem publishing
    * [Martilla](https://github.com/fdoxyz/martilla)
    * [lecli](https://rubygems.org/gems/lecli)
    * [activek8s](https://rubygems.org/gems/activek8s)
 * Experience with multiple cloud providers
    * AWS
    * Azure
    * DigitalOcean
    * Heroku
 * CI/CD Pipelines
    * CircleCI
    * Drone
    * Travis CI
    * AWS CodePipeline
 * Docker
 * [Kubernetes]({% post_url 2018-09-14-aks-easy-as-abc %})
 * Native iOS development
    * Worked with both Swift & Objective-C
    * Entire App development life cycle
      * Design
      * Development
      * Test
      * Release
      * Support
      * Repeat
 * ExpressJS (NodeJS) backend development

 ![Coffee Sloth](/assets/coffee-sloth.png "Coffee Sloth")

Feel free to reach out and say hi using any of the links listed below

Commit message:

Adds splash and about improvements

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a software engineer working as an independent contractor. Currently based in [Costa Rica](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Costa+Rica/@16.9000066,-95.0553076,4.55z), working as a solutions architect & full stack developer. I graduated from [UCR](https://www.ucr.ac.cr/) as a B.A.Sc. in Computer Science (2014) and from [UPC BarcelonaTech](https://www.upc.edu/en) with a Masters in Informatics Engineering (2016).

I've been recently focused on backend & full-stack web development. Previously led iOS native projects, starting from (re) design stage all the way to release and support post launch. I survived a few of the early Swift major version upgrades and lived to tell the story.

Throughout my career I've had experience working with the following technologies:

 * Ruby on Rails
    * Currently very interested in [StimulusJS](https://stimulusjs.org/) for minimal frontend Javascript
    * Experience with API only backends
 * (Ruby) Gem publishing
    * [Martilla](https://github.com/fdoxyz/martilla)
    * [lecli](https://rubygems.org/gems/lecli)
    * [activek8s](https://rubygems.org/gems/activek8s)
 * Experience with multiple cloud providers
    * AWS
    * Azure
    * DigitalOcean
    * Heroku
 * CI/CD Pipelines
    * CircleCI
    * Drone
    * Travis CI
    * AWS CodePipeline
 * Docker
 * [Kubernetes]({% post_url 2018-09-14-aks-easy-as-abc %})
 * Native iOS development
    * Worked with both Swift & Objective-C
    * Entire App development life cycle
      * Design
      * Development
      * Test
      * Release
      * Support
      * Repeat
 * ExpressJS (NodeJS) backend development

 ![Coffee Sloth](/assets/coffee-sloth.png "Coffee Sloth")

Feel free to reach out and say hi using any of the links listed below
